Now you still think that this disaster and waste are more clever than my words,
Do you still want to assign your daughter to a guy like this?
To prove it, the villain who offended the owner,
Don't even mention it, there will be no room for consumer price cooperation.
Don’t say anything about going from War Immortal to Genting.
The former Fairyland, accepting the price,
Don't talk about it, just think it's imaginary.
It is said that it is privately owned.
A bunch of people died inside,
No need to avoid it, I still have things to do.
You call me back
Okay, stand on
Xiaofeng, you said you wanted to blind your young Ji
She belongs to people and is not to be messed with.
Tiancheng, you have been in recent years
Boy, she is the eldest son
She blinded you again in my Lin family
This little home will definitely accommodate you
we can't afford it
Yes, it's natural
Boy, their family is closely related to the God of War.
That little home you can't touch
Just the relationship with Beijiang God King Panshang
Then you can't touch him Zhan Tiancheng
If you touch him
Then aren't you harming our Lin family?
I really didn’t expect that since you still have two pairs for free.